so something absolutely amazing happened
a couple days ago I would rank it upon
like the first time you jacked off as
child the first time you like logged on
your first porn site if his pornhub
youjizz it it doesn't really fucking
matter I finally received the VEX mythic
class on destiny and this is one of the
greatest moments i think i've had in
like my gaming life I was honest a
gaming career but it hasn't really been
a career at all so i'll say gaming life
and this is one of those moments like i
said that was like really really great
it felt really good it was like if you
hit 10th prestige where max proceed for
the first time on call of duty that is
something that just feels awesome or
maybe you get your first hundred plus
gameplay and you're so proud of yourself
and i finally achieved the VEX mythic
class in destiny i got it obviously to
the vault of glass on hard i think i got
it from my killing the gatekeeper or the
portals it was one of those crazy-ass
ones and i finally got it i got it at
the end and i was finally able to use it
in some multiplayer I seen all these
people making videos I've seen these
people killing me with the gun as I god
damn it I want that gun and like I said
I finally received it so what you are
watching on screen are now is me going
out there using the vex myth the class
in Rumble and I just recorded like the
first half of this game and I wouldn't
absolutely a ham on these guys I think I
almost got like 20 to kill streak right
off the bat which let me remind you guys
it only goes up to like 25 kills and I
either got like a nineteen eighteen or
twenty killstreak right off the bat I
remember it popping up saying 15 kill
streak but I do not remember the 20
killstreak marker so it was really
really really close and it was a
gameplay I was really proud of because I
don't know if this is gonna sound weird
because like a lot of people say the vex
myth the class is the best gun in the
game even after its little patch and
then it got buffed again but it's a
tough gun to handle like it's really
tough comparing the vex mythic class to
say the shadow price or we got the grim
citizen 3 i also just got the su ro
switch let me tell you guys when i go
one-on-one gun battles with people
using the serosa it's about like 5050
with really good players so I'm gonna
have to go out there and use the service
regime I haven't really had a lot of
experience with that gun but it
definitely kept me interested it's like
is the Sioux rose maybe disappear your
gun according to the Vexin at the class
i mean i know the vex myth class if you
get headshot headshot headshot it
absolutely annihilates the enemies but
when it comes to the long run is the
Sioux Rose the better auto rifle i know
the vets is a fusion rifle but it kind
of handles like an auto rifle in my
opinion and this is something i'm gonna
want to test out but it's kind of hard
to say this especially if i post a game
play with the vex amid the glass where i
go out there and do absolutely wonderful
in a game of rumble but other games it's
it's iffy it's really really iffy if I
like this gun more than other auto
rifles again such as a shadow price or
the grim citizen 3 I still got to go out
there and use the sorrow since my homies
are add that gun this weekend so like I
said it's definitely gonna be
interesting but as you can see on screen
or now I just picked up some rocket ammo
I'm one of those fools in the destiny
game where whenever it says heavy ammo
inbound I gotta head my little ass over
there and pick up the heavy ammo I mean
it's like if I think it's mandatory in
destiny it's kind of like when you
played halo back in the day everybody
has to go for the energy sword everybody
had to go for the shotgun or everybody
had to go for the rocket launcher the
destiny heavy ammo drops are very very
vital in a game of multiplayer and a lot
of people do not realize this this is
like if you have a girl with little tits
or you have a girl with huge tits you're
gonna get you're gonna pick the girl
with the huge tits oh that's how I
compare that doesn't really make sense
but let it be anyways you guys can see I
finally died on screen it broke my heart
I walked out the door and died again I
like day I'm two back-to-back des I was
doing so well I've been anyways guys
that's wrapping things up hopefully
enjoyed the video if you did drop like
I'll talk to you guys next up